It's not a secret cuz everybody stares
at them, but I wear toe shoes. Our feet
are not supposed to be achy all the
time. Our toes should have the ability
to move like extending and yes, even of
course flexing. And your feet totally
should be comfortable even when they're
barefoot. As a kid, I used to climb and
then fall out of trees without foot
pain. And I still do. For foot strength,
I wear barefoot shoes from Paluva. And
most of the time, I wear these. But as
you can see, they've gotten very dirty.
But just in time, Paluba released new
shoes. These are the Strand Mesh Black
on black. And I feel really ninja right
now. Use code stay flexi for a fat
discount at paluva.com. Stay flexy.